## Final - Hybrid

<b> Flower in a puddle </b><br>
This hybrid clock visually represents seconds, minutes, hours, am/pm, day, month, and season. The radiating circles mimic the ripples of a pool of water. From least to greatest amount of time, the inner most circle represents seconds. The middle radiating circle represents minutes and the the outer most ring represents the hour. In order to differentiate these time variables, a heavier stroke weight is utilized to visually create that distinction. The radiating second, minute, and hour circles are in 1/3 less of a line weight than the marker circles. Another indicator of time is shown by the use of canvas color. It is used to display whether it is AM or PM. A darker hue of the background color represents PM, while an off-white shows it is AM.

Moving our attention to the center circle, the inner most circle is filled with a color that represents the current season. A pink hue means fall, a green hue means spring, a blue hue represents winter, and a yellow hue shows summer. The outer rings will also reflect the current season's color. In the center of this filled circle is a flower shape. The number of petals indicates the month. Each oval or petal will be added to the flower with the start of a new month. For example, the first month will have one oblong oval with a circle to mark the flower's center. It is one oval, but seen as two petals, in other words one could divide the number of petals into two and calculate the current month.

In the center of the flower shape is a circle to keep a sense of symmetry and seemingly endless concentric circles. This center-most circle represents the day. The stroke weight will change according to the current day's number. A lighter stroke weight is a lower digit and thicker stroke is a higher date digit.
